ask your followers ask them frequently
ask them in a variety of ways don't make
the assumption that you know what your
customers want so a lot of us we have
this like I know better now so I'm going
to help other people but you have to
meet people where they are I think the
entrepreneur's job not to have all of
the answers but to ask all of the right
questions keep asking your audience the
people you're selling to your followers
your audience they're gonna tell you the
words they use the phrases that they
constantly say the things that are
directly from their mouth that they
struggle with that's what they struggle
with that's the problems that they need
answers to it is so good we could not
figure out why people weren't flocking
to this program
[Music]
welcome to this edition of build your
tribe today Brock and I are here to chat
about how important it is to look at to
understand to like really get inside the
minds of your customer your avatar the
person who you're trying to reach and
understand their psychology because in
doing so you'll be able to better serve
them and ultimately get more sales hey
Brock hey Mom how's it going done good
I'm recording from the bedroom of our
Airbnb in Miami Florida where are you
I've heard great things about that
Airbnb um I am at back at home in in
Southern California and I got my
professional mic set up today and I'm
using it as my webcam so I'm excited to
get to use this for the first time so
for anyone who's watching us on YouTube
right now you'll get to see um what it
actually looks like I just got a new
laptop too for a better camera because I
realized my other I was like why is my
quality so bad it was I had an outdated
laptop with a low quality camera so
remember to don't be afraid to invest in
the most important tools which is our
technology as entrepreneurs the reason
why I wanted to discuss this is because
I I met with a group of entrepreneurs a
couple of fellows who were in business
together and they Market fitness
programs and they asked for my
assistants my for me to review what
they're doing obviously I've got a lot
of you know history there and I really
understand their consumer now these are
dudes and they are selling primarily to
women and what I discovered when I was
looking at their con content is that as
many of us do
they were marketing and creating things
as if their competitors were going to
look at and they wanted their
competitors to be impressed and here's
what I mean by that like using lingo
that would impress somebody who was
already a personal trainer using
language that the customer doesn't know
or care about uh using verbiage and even
explaining things in a way that would
like impress people in the industry but
the their the average consumer just
doesn't care about things like that yeah
totally it reminded me of
um a little bit about when you created
your first uh digital program unwrap sap
because you know just like you assumed
the psychology of your uh target
audience was someone who wanted to keep
track of their kids on Snapchat
yeah yeah and so at that time I thought
I was well the problem that I can solve
is that I can teach parents how to use
Snapchat and then the second part of
that would be and then keep their kids
safe on Snapchat and I assumed that that
was their biggest fear that that was
their biggest concern and also that that
was their biggest motivating factor for
wanting to learn Snapchat or even
wanting to purchase an e-course in
general and then what did you find out
was actually the case
well there were definitely some people
who wanted to learn to keep their kids
safe on Snapchat and there still are I
feel like every time I talk about it
there's someone who's still like wait is
that still available but what I really
discovered quickly uh is that the vast
majority of Maori customers they more so
wanted to use Snapchat for their
business because back at that time that
was probably five six seven years ago
snapshot was a great marketing tool it
was very much like Instagram stories a
great place to sell and so I taught all
of these moms and network marketers and
direct Sellers and people with side
hustles how to use Snapchat for what I
thought was keeping their kids safe but
very quickly they were like wait now I'm
on this new social media I totally know
how to use it and in fact I know how to
use it in a lot of ways that other
business owners and other people my age
don't so then they wanted to use it for
their business more so than even you
know protecting their kids and keeping
their their teens safe
so one of our first tips for you today
is to not to guess you've got social
media following even if it's a small one
ask your followers ask them frequently
ask them in a variety of ways an example
I wanted to share with those of you who
are listening or watching now on YouTube
is we launched a course a digital course
that would teach people how to be micro
and Nano influencers and it is so good
we could not figure out why people
weren't flocking to this program uh so
we decided to do take our own advice and
do things in Reverse we really did
forget to pull our audience because we
assumed we talked to our audience every
single day so don't make that assumption
that would be like my third tip is don't
make the assumption that you know what
your customers want even if you're like
in the DMS with them all the time ask
them and ask them in a poll or in a way
where they have some anonymity so we we
were having we were struggling with the
sales of this program and I I can't
remember what it was like just hearing
somebody say something like oh I but I
want this question I don't really want
to be an influencer and I was like so
what is it that you do want and they're
like well I want to know how to get
brand deals and how to get you know
companies to pay me to post things or
maybe even to send me stuff but I I
don't want to be an influencer and
that's when the light bulbs went off for
me I'm like oh it's the same thing but
they don't like that terminology it's
the psychology of your customer so we
put together some polls and said would
you be interested in a course that
teaches you how to be a nano or micro
influencer or second option would you be
interested of course it teaches you how
to get brand Partnerships and Deals or
would you be interested in learning how
to become really good at affiliate
marketing and it was a landslide for
people they're like no I want to get
brand deals same thing just semantics
yeah then I love two points that I
learned from just listening to you right
now and uh remembering this story is one
being specific in the poll that you were
giving them so what we did not do is put
up a blank question sticker and say what
do you want to learn about or what
should I make my next video on we gave
them specifics to choose between so it
was easier on your followers right so
then they could easily see okay here are
my three choices and I know what I want
out of these options rather than just
giving them like a blank response bar
and putting all of the work and effort
on them
um so that's the first lesson that I can
take away from what you were just saying
but the second one is that this can
apply to anything from big picture like
what is my course going to be What's the
title of my next product all the way
down to something very small and minute
like what keyword am I going to use in
my caption or what title am I going to
use for my next YouTube video
um I can think of myself we did this
just recently on our tan Brock YouTube
channel we put on our Instagram stories
a poll that was asking the question of
Base basically what should we title our
next video we had already filmed the
content and the content was all about
like our workout routines our diet what
we eat so it's kind of like all around
our healthy lifestyle but we weren't
sure exactly how we wanted to title it
until we asked our followers
specifically do you want a video our
healthy lifestyle do you want a video
about our workout routines do you want a
video documenting what we eat in a week
all of these things we're going to be
included in the video but by asking them
what they specifically want by by name
then they were able to tell us
essentially what our title should be
that's brilliant and it's getting into
their mindset and their my the words
that your customer uses tells you a lot
about where they are emotionally with
these gentlemen who I was Consulting
with that have the digital Fitness
business they they're so prideful of the
fact that they're doing things from uh a
very different way like they're not
marketing gimmicks they want people to
look really truly understand how to
create a sound workout how to have the
mobility the flexibility the
understanding of muscle origin and
insertion and like how to schedule a
proper warm-up and all these things and
I get it right so a lot of us we have
this like I know better now so I'm going
to help other people but you have to
meet people where they are and one of
the things I learned especially in like
the health and fitness industry and even
with teaching business and marketing is
we assume that we're helping someone
who's much further along than they are
and so when I looked at their content I
said
I think the average person wants to just
know what do I need to do how often do I
need to do it how do I do it and when
and by giving them all of this
background information
um you're giving them what you know they
need versus what they want and striking
that balance you know and and not
feeling like you're compromising and
we've done this a lot with marketing
impact Academy right
yeah I mean we're constantly having a
test and it's I think the entrepreneur's
job not to have all of the answers but
to ask all of the right questions and so
you know the tip is just to keep asking
your audience I don't care if you've
been doing entrepreneurship for 30 years
or for three minutes just ask people
because we get so caught up in in the
algorithms and the marketing lingo and I
listen to this great podcast and they
said I need to use this keyword when
really the people you're selling to your
followers your audience they're gonna
tell you the words they use the phrases
that they constantly say the things that
are directly from their mouth that they
struggle with that's what they struggle
with that's the problems that they need
answers to and it reminds me of this
analogy that's used oftentimes in
marketing and sales and in online
entrepreneurship of the chocolate
covered broccoli or some people call it
the chocolate covered carrot where
essentially what we know people need is
the broccoli or the carrot but sometimes
you have to code it you have to make it
look like something that they actually
do want so they take a bite and they're
like oh okay so this has the chocolate
that I'm looking for but it also has the
carrot that I need or the broccoli
that's actually going to solve my
problem and I think the what you just
said there is solve the problem so my
next tip is for you to really dial down
that answer so if you keep asking
yourself like what problem do people and
how do they describe the problem right
so I got my hair done today by a new
stylist here in Miami too is she's like
oh you you and your son teach Instagram
like can we take a look at my Instagram
like I'd love to you so I looked at her
Instagram and it said European train
stylist I don't think anyone cares
um and she says helping you with all
your hair needs
all your hair and I said yeah wouldn't
you the best at and she's like but I'm
good at all these things I said okay
what is it when someone comes to you and
they walk through the door for the first
time or they call you for consultation
what what do they say what do they like
tell me this conversation and she said
they will say I'm super picky about my
color and it's been ruined can you fix
it or I've just moved to the area I'm
very picky about my hair color and I
want someone who can get my color right
so I'm like look that first of all then
you're a colorist and you are a color
expert and use their language like if
I'm picky about my hair color if I read
in your bio
um giving picky clients their Perfect
Color I'd be like oh she just she's okay
with me being picky she understands me
she's gonna give me Perfection so it's
it's really listening to them it's
understanding and keep peeling it back
peeling back and like what is their
problem what not what do you know their
problem is
what do they think their problem is so
to turn it back to the the guys in
Fitness they think
that their customer wants to know
everything about biomechanics and
exercise and they don't
she just wants to work out the right way
get change her body and she wants
somebody to tell her how to do it and
when in the best way and I think some
people might listen and they might be
concerned well like what if my audience
doesn't talk to me or my engagement is
low and I I struggle to get people to
vote there are so many places where you
can listen to your audience without you
being the person asking the question so
even if you're someone who has a
relatively low engaged following there
are plenty of high following High
engagement maybe even influencers in
your industry go to their comments
section and read what people are
actually saying what are they actually
concerned about what are they actually
struggling with because if they're
willing to comment about this concern or
this struggle then they know they have
it and I think the point there that you
were making mom was so valid because if
they don't know they have the problem
they're not going to want to subscribe
to the YouTube channel or watch the
video or or become a customer or join
the course because you have to first
convince them that they even have the
problem they're in denial they don't
think they have that I don't struggle
with that I don't struggle with knowing
biomechanics I just need to learn how to
lose the 10 out yeah and even in their
words right like so we might see for
example with the influencer course that
we created we were solving their problem
but they knew they had we just weren't
using their language
so it's so important you use their
language you know another example I can
use of our ours was uh when we developed
um phase it up we I was hell but I was
like I'm not giving people meal plans
because I I just think people need will
be better served long term when they
understand how to create that themselves
and so I'm going to teach them
everything they need to know so they can
create their own ideal meal plans we're
not giving them meal plans and our
customers were so annoyed like for like
two years they were just like will you
plea please just give we want meal plans
and So eventually it's like well
I'm not helping these people if I'm not
giving them the thing that they really
believe they need even if I think in my
own mind uh I am being helpful like you
said it's that chocolate covered
broccoli it's like I've got to kind of
win them over and give them what they
believe is a solution if I'm ever going
to gain their trust
yeah that reminds me totally of the
insta Club Hub and how something that we
tell people is that trending audios can
be helpful they can help you have
success and reach new people but really
A trending audio is not the Holy Grail
of Instagram and using this specific lip
sync isn't like the magic way to go
viral or to grow your following it can
be but like it's not all it's cracked up
to be but we still offer 10 new trending
audio ideas every single week in the
insta Club up because it's what people
want they know that that's that's what
they that's what they think the solution
is that's what they they think they need
and so sure we'll provide you with that
so that you have access to it but we're
also going to give you the carrot which
is here's the actual strategy that you
need to grow on Instagram here's the
actual strategy to make that trending
audio work for you yeah I want to give
people
the ability to see this live in an
action so Brock and I are doing a bunch
of workshops in the next couple of weeks
and they are I'm just going to be fully
transparent we do these workshops uh to
teach but at the end of the workshops we
give people the opportunity to enroll in
the marketing impact Academy we do open
enrollment so I want to invite anyone
who's ever wanted to see what it looks
like to sell on a webinar just join and
watch one of these you can you can
follow our strategy exactly you can
critique it you can see how we put the
slides together you can see how I do
that transition from okay now we're done
teaching now I'm going to give you this
opportunity how to do that so it's not
awkward and and we're happy with you
stealing our strategy
um and critiquing it too if you'd like
and so so what we're going to do just to
be you know kind of follow along this
consumer psychology or those customer
psychology is the average person we've
learned this after teaching or opening
up marketing impacts Academy now for
more than like what nine years there's
people believe that to build a business
they need to grow their social and that
that should be their primary focus that
if they build a social they will have a
business that's what people believe and
they want that solution so we give them
that we teach in the workshop how to
build uh a following and how to sell
using social media but then we also at
the end of it you'll hear us explain how
that's only part of the picture right
and what the other foundational pieces
of business need to look like if you
want something that's sustainable
something you can scale something that
doesn't make you feel overwhelmed and
certainly something that you have
ultimate control over so it I don't want
to say that we're giving people what
they want but we are a little bit right
we're giving people what they want but
we're also kind of massaging it so we
feel like we've got Integrity by saying
yeah we know this is what you want but
let we're going to be honest tell you
what you really need if you want to
build a business so we will put a link
to that Below in our show notes in the
description for this YouTube video and
again just join it so that you can steal
our swipe our email copy and to see how
we sell on a webinar I know I personally
have Googled I don't know how many times
what is the what is the right formula to
sell on a webinar and there are any
videos that teach you it the right way
yeah absolutely and so yeah we would
love for you to attend steal the
strategy someone message me on Instagram
the other day and they were like hey do
you mind if I I steal this strategy and
use it for my own clients sure
absolutely we can't can't stop anyone
from doing that so you're more than
welcome to attend and I also think what
goes on during those webinars is while
we are giving them what they want we're
building that truck which is so
essential for sales they're starting to
trust us they're like okay these two
they know what they're talking about
they're teaching me they're giving me
what I want but now I'm also recognizing
that there are gaps and I might have the
great Wheels on the car but there's no
gas in the engine and there's no oil in
it and the actual engine is breaking
down so I need these other pieces to
actually make it run and then that's
where we can kind of explain here's
where how we can provide those things
for you as well yeah and one thing
that's really important to me is to be
super upfront with people and say like
okay so if you were just here to learn
the social stuff and you're like good
then you should jump off because we're
about to explain Mark and impact Academy
so there's no like oh how do I sneak
into this I hate webinars like that and
I think that's also like under like
understand
your customer psychology is also
understanding your psychology when you
were in their shoes and sometimes we're
so far along that we forget
when our red flags went up or when we
felt like we just got conned into
something or when somebody's talking
over our heads or they're giving us
information it's like but that's not
what I want that's not what I need right
but that's not what I think I need so
you know also understanding your
customers psychology is knowing what is
their emotion around this problem right
so is it sadness frustration
Joy anger uh do they feel defeated you
know all of those things and I think the
only way you can know that is by really
like you said listening if your audience
is talking to you but also reading
comments Brock do you have any uh
feelings one way or the other do you
find you can see more of that like on
YouTube comments or Instagram Tick Tock
I think I see a lot more of it on
Instagram and Tick Tock just because I
feel like people are way more likely to
comment on Instagram and Tick Tock it's
way more social than than YouTube is but
another way that I found and this might
be a little Advanced for someone who
doesn't already have an email list but
emailing some people on your email list
directly or asking them to respond to
emails directly that's something I've
done I don't have an email list with 500
000 people so it's manageable for me to
email my email list and say hey I would
love to hear what your biggest concern
is on Instagram or as a beginner rock
climber or with cake baking and then
they can directly email me what they're
struggling with and now I'm getting
words and words and lingo and phrases
and I can just create I mean I could be
analytical about it and put it into like
a Google spreadsheet or I could just
really start to take mental notes of
here are words they're using here's
their psychology and here's the things
that stand out to them right now yeah
and again to tap back into that person
you were before you discovered the
solution the service the product that
you know that you now offer and really
thinking about like okay what was the
emotion what what was I saying to myself
because if you can learn that language
or tap back into it that's the most
powerful kind of Storytelling like this
to tell a story when you were
experiencing that emotion that person
even though you're telling your story
you can't help but feel like
they are in your head and you you feel
those emotions and then you realize this
person really has been there and don't
make it up like literally let yourself
go back there you know whether for
example with these gentlemen who I was
Consulting with the fitness experts
they're so buff and they have like an
insane like they're Fitness competitors
right so I asked them to think that what
did you feel like before you had any
clue what you were doing
and you know they're like oh I felt
inferior I was really
um uh body conscious
um I felt like I would never be able to
figure it out I thought like I had bad
genes I thought I was destined to look
this way I thought that other people
like took steroids I thought I would
never it was so much to learn and so
much to do overwhelmed so like bringing
them back into that and helping them
to get into that mindset helps all of us
serve our customers better helps us
write better headlines better emails
create better storytelling better
podcasts and ultimately
um more sales yeah I mean sure like this
can help you make more money but also
this helps you connect with people this
will resonate with your message this
helps you serve people more effectively
um and so just as much of as this might
be selfishly motivated to become a
better Market or sales person it also is
very selfless because now people are
going to actually benefit from what
you're sharing people are actually going
to be able to connect with it on a
deeper level they're going to feel seen
and validated uh because you can
resonate with their psychology and
really that's at the end of the day what
truly is going on because as
entrepreneurs we can identify with our
audience and so often we are teaching
the person who we were three months ago
six months ago a year ago and like
you've said over and over Mom we just
get so caught up in what we already know
the curse of knowledge we get so caught
up in the lingo and phrases and what we
think is the solution when really if we
just think back to where we were we're
gonna be able to connect with our
audience and serve them so much more
effectively my last and final point for
you is to really understand who your
current customer is instead of
fantasizing it or
um or making it turning them into what
you wish they were for example with us
with marketing impact Academy
for probably the first five years people
would say tell us about your avatar and
I would say oh she or he uh has a small
business that is making money but
they're really trying to scale it online
and that's just how I describe them and
I kind of told people like that's who
you are you know what I mean but then
once we tap into
researching from our existing members
the ones who were still using the
program and seem to be struggling we
discovered that over 80 percent of our
members weren't that person
they'd actually purchase the course
because they wanted to start something
but hadn't and they were really stuck
with this being in this place where they
were afraid to pick the wrong thing so I
would say 80 of our customers originally
we didn't realize had weren't launching
because uh the our course content back
then uh started you like assuming you
already knew what you were doing
assuming you already had your business
idea so having that information helped
us to completely revamp Mia and now we
teach people like of course now people
can feel like where they want to start
um and and we also can talk to the
person who has no clue
what businesses are they just know they
want to start one and in the past we
were just kind of like steamrolling that
person and not serving them so again it
is really
um taking out the rose-colored glasses
to refer back to those personal trainers
they think that they're teaching other
personal trainers they're not they're
teaching a woman who is you know 25
pounds overweight embarrassed to go to
the gym and wants to know what to do and
how to do it she doesn't care about
muscle origin and insertion she doesn't
care about the biomechanics she's like
get me in shape
yeah yeah and of course maybe down the
line in the future they will Coach
personal trainers but right now you have
to know who your audience is right now
or you're not gonna be able to sell
anything right now and you're not gonna
be able to ever adapt in the future
because we're not going to make it that
far so
um always be adaptive right always be
looking back and seeing what you can
improve I I love that story about
um the marketing impacts Academy I
personally always am thinking about that
with my own Instagram content because
for a while I was super similar to like
the Mia story I was making all of my
posts for business owners and these were
like Instagram tips for business owners
but the more and more I pull my audience
the more I find are either they want to
be business owners or they want to start
something or they want to make money or
they just consider themselves creators
who are just trying to get brand deals
and sponsorships and make a little bit
of extra money from their content they
don't actually even really want to start
a business and so that's totally changed
how I've uh what I've said in my social
media and just to kind of bring this
back again it doesn't have to just be
your marketing of your course and your
title for your YouTube video it could be
your headline on your Instagram reel it
could be the specific words you choose
to use in your blog or your Facebook
post or your Tweet
Um this can I mean customer psychology
is everything for a marketer you have to
be a little bit obsessed with the
psychology at least of your own customer
know what they want and it just requires
us realizing we are further ahead and
and having those conversations thanks
for having this conversation with me
Brock yeah thank you Mom thanks for
having me it's awesome hey if you
haven't already please be sure to
subscribe to the channel here
um hit the notification you're either
going to get myself or Brock or both of
us together and we're really excited
about doing these in uh on YouTube now
so you guys can listen to it on the
YouTube podcast streaming stuff and of
course if you want to listen to this
podcast on any podcast app like Spotify
Apple Etc we're there too we would love
for you to follow us and uh be sure to
leave a comment below let us know what
your thoughts are specifically I want to
know how often do you ask your customers
your following
um what it is they think they need what
it is they want we'd love to hear your
thoughts in the meantime thanks for
being here it is our goal to be brief to
be bright to make it fun and then be
done
[Music]
thank you